- General Lenkov's
entire family
was struck down
by a drone strike.
And he blames America.
- This terror event
is imminent.
- Based on intel
from Agent Scola in the field,
the C-4 is likely to be used
in New York City.
- [gunshots]
- [sobs]
- Nina's the mother
of his baby.
He has a right to know
that she got shot.
- Scola is working undercover.
I don't think it's a good idea.
What the hell is going on?
- I was just trying
to protect you.
- You do not get to make
that decision.
- I actually do.
That is my job.
- How do you feel?
What about the baby?
I felt him kicking.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
[dramatic music]
[jazzy piano music]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
[phone rings]
This is Sittenfeld.
Starboard engine?
No, that's a definite MEL.
Let's ground it.
Alert Ramstein
we'll be delayed.
And ping the contractor
from Boeing.
Yeah, I'm on my way.
[groaning]
♪ ♪
- Colonel?
Colonel, are you there?
[siren wails]
[indistinct chatter]
- Hey, how was the ultrasound?
- Fine.
Uh, the doctors are running
a few more tests to be sure,
but Nina and the baby
are doing okay,
despite everything
that went down in Rome.
I still can't believe
that really happened.
It was really close, Tiff.
Yeah, I know.
But like you said,
they're both okay.
They got lucky.
- Agent Ward, OSI.
I've been detailed to assist.
- Hey. I'm Agent Wallace.
This is Agent Scola.
- We understand
you have a missing colonel.
- John Sittenfeld,
deputy commander
of 112th Airlift Wing
at Steward Air
National Guard Base.
At 2230, he leaves that bar,
takes a call
from his crew chief.
He was on the line
when someone attacked him--
been MIA ever since.
We found his phone by his car.
This is the car.
- Okay, we'll need that phone
sent to 26 Fed.
On its way.
The colonel oversees
critical missions
that support our warfighters.
SECDEF is obviously
very concerned
and wants this resolved
as soon as possible,
so whatever you need, just ask.
Any witnesses?
- A few folks
heard the commotion,
but no one who bothered
to get out of bed.
- What about
surveillance video?
- No external cameras
in the immediate vicinity.
- Okay.
Anything inside the bar?
Manager's on his way.
- Yeah, he was here--
alone, for once.
Usually brings a girl
or finds one.
But not last night?
No.
Romeo got
someone's attention, though.
A tough guy.
Got right up in his face too.
Okay. Any idea why?
- No, I didn't really hear
what they were saying.
Do you have cameras?
Yeah, right behind the bar.
We keep it concealed,
otherwise customers get antsy.
- All right, folks,
so Colonel Sittenfeld
has been missing
for almost 12 hours,
and we all know the odds
do not improve from here,
so we should all be
digging for leads, yeah?
Any update on the ransom?
- No, and it seems unlikely--
no wife, no rich uncle.
He lives off
a government salary,
which we all know
is not worthy of a kidnapping.
- All right, where are we with
the surveillance of the bar?
Yeah, scrubbing it now.
Ok, Sittenfeld
arrives at 9:12 p.m.,
drains a $20 cocktail,
keeps to himself, until this.
♪ ♪
- Are there any interactions
before this?
Uh, no, none.
- All right, so it seems
like a prior grievance.
Any luck with facial rec?
Let's see.
Got a match.
Derek White, 32.
- He's air force too.
- Uh, used to be.
Looks like Mr. White
was discharged
for striking an officer
two months ago.
- Okay.
Any connection with our victim?
- Well, they didn't
serve together,
far as I can tell.
White was special ops while
the colonel worked logistics.
Whoa, hang on.
White's wife is the colonel's
adjutant assistant.
- They definitely text
back and forth quite a bit,
and there's definitely
lots of heart emojis
and romantic banter.
Pulled this off
the colonel's phone.
Looks like they're more
than just friends.
Hmm. Let's get a warrant.
Yeah.
[pounding]
Derek White, FBI!
We need to talk!
Open it.
Stand back.
♪ ♪
FBI!
Buh, buh, buh. Sit down.
Sit down!
Where's the colonel?
What colonel?
Don't play dumb.
We know about the affair
with your wife,
and we know you went
to the bar last night
to confront him about it.
- So tell us what happened.
- Nothing happened.
I didn't do a damn thing
to the colonel.
We had some words, that's all.
Then I came home.
Well, we have you on camera
having a little bit more
than words.
- Wha--[sighs]
Look, the guy--the guy was
screwing my wife, all right?
I was upset.
I was real upset,
so I roughed him up a bit.
And I waited outside
the bar for him.
I was gonna light his ass up.
But then I got sober,
and I realized
that there was no point,
all right?
I already burned down
enough of my life.
So I took off.
Look, I'm telling the truth.
I didn't touch Sittenfeld.
Then who did?
- I don't know who did, I--
look, there was a van outside
that was parked near the bar.
Lights were off,
but it looked like
the engine was still running.
- What was the make,
model, color?
It was blue and a Kia, maybe.
And it had a hippie sticker,
the peace sign.
Okay.
A peace sign? Really?
- That's an odd detail
for a lie.
Let's scrub traffic cams
and see
if Derek's story checks out.
All signs point to yes.
This is from an intersection
three blocks
from the restaurant.
Wait, stop right there.
Pull up that rear bumper.
Looks like Derek
was telling the truth.
Yeah. I'm running the plate.
Car is registered to a
James and Eliza Van Epps,
both in their 70s.
According to Facebook,
currently enjoying a cruise
to Antarctica.
- All right, let's assume
that car is stolen.
- Does it have GPS?
- Yes, it does.
And it's stationary--
warehouse district in Queens.
♪ ♪
- Guys, we have something
in here.
[wheezing]
Cover me.
♪ ♪
- We need a medic
on our location ASAP.
Hey, hey.
Hey, it's gonna be okay.
Is that Sittenfeld?
- Yeah, looks like they
tortured him then shot him.
- It's a miracle
he's still alive.
- Hey, we're gonna
get you to a hospital.
No, no, no, don't move.
Don't move.
You're losing a lot of blood.
The medic's five minutes out.
The armory.
Please, you have to get
to the armory.
The armory at the base, why?
What's going on?
They have my access card.
I tried my best.
I--[wheezes]
But I couldn't take it.
I had no choice.
Please.
Please, you have to stop them.
Okay, who's them?
Why? What are they after?
Colonel?
No, no. Colonel!
He's gone.
- We should warn the base and
let 'em know what's going on.
- It's too late.
That was Jubal.
Ammo supply point
was hit 15 minutes ago.
Multiple casualties.
♪ ♪
- Agent Ward,
what's our sitrep?
Intruders entered the gate
using Colonel Sittenfeld's
CAC card, then penetrated
the Class V palletization
point you see there.
- Okay,
and these are casualties?
- Two sentries,
both shot dead, we assume,
with sound suppressors.
- I'm gonna need
these shell casings
sent to Ballistics right away.
- They make it inside?
- Affirmative.
The Colonel's codes
disabled security--
cameras, locks, all of it.
Clinical moves.
- Sounds like these guys
had some training.
- Do you have any idea
what they were after?
Not yet.
It's a lot to go through.
The place was packed
for a delivery to Ukraine.
Sir, you gotta see this.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
The seals on the pallet
were broken,
so I cross-checked inventory
with the flight manifest.
Two FMG-148s are missing
along with another
command launch unit.
- I'm sorry,
two Javelins are missing?
Yeah.
Okay.
- Anti-tank missiles.
We used them in Afghanistan--
state of the art
and highly portable.
Do they have GPS?
Is there any way
we can trace them?
- No, because if we
could track 'em,
then they could track 'em.
- Are they difficult
to operate?
- The opposite--
fire and forget.
It's like a video game.
All you do is point and shoot.
- I know the security cameras
in here were disabled,
but what
about outside by the gate?
- A different system, so the
feed should still be intact.
Here's the ingress.
Did you run the plates?
Yeah, they came back cold.
And here's where they came out.
Can you speed it up?
♪ ♪
- Hold on. Wait a second.
Can you go back?
Stop. There.
Driver isn't wearing
any gloves.
- Okay, but did he
touch anything?
Can you slow it down?
There. We got him.
We need to find that dolly
and dust for prints.
- All right, people,
look alive.
Weapons of war are now MIA
on the streets of New York.
We need to figure out who
the hell took them and why.
- Can we trace the vehicle
from the scene?
- No, Agent Ward was right.
Plates are cold.
And OSI didn't find
any tread marks.
- Yeah, we're checking
traffic cams,
but the nearest is on the I-87.
- A generic van,
we're never gonna
narrow it down from there.
What about ballistics?
Did we find anything
from the slugs
that killed our sentries?
- Ran both through NIBIN.
No match.
- Good news--ERT got
a partial print off the dolly.
- All right, that's our driver.
Let's run it.
Okay, the prints match
to Ray Nichols, 37,
lives in Homecrest.
- All right, people,
check it out.
He's got
a pretty good rap sheet--
larceny,
strong arm robbery, theft.
- Yeah, but this is
from a decade ago.
How did he get tied up
in a missile heist?
- Yeah, I'll do a deep dive
into Nichols,
see if I can't
fill in the gaps.
In the meantime,
saddle up and take him down.
♪ ♪
In position.
Copy that. Standing by.
So I heard a rumor.
Yeah?
I'm not really
a rumor guy, Tiff.
Okay, well, call it intel.
A friend of mine
from White Collar said, uh,
he heard you were applying
for an SSA position.
Just exploring my options.
All right, we got movement.
It's him.
Go, go.
- FBI!
- Hands up!
Ray Nichols,
hands in the air now.
- Baby, what's happening?
- Whoa. I don't know.
- Baby, I don't know. It's okay.
- Let her go. Let her go!
What are you doing?
All right. Okay! Okay!
Just be careful with my wife.
She's pregnant.
Ray, what's happening?
- Just take it easy.
Give them some room.
Where's the Javelins? Hey!
Where are the javelins, inside?
I got nothing to say.
You got nothing to say?
Your wife is pregnant.
You got a kid on the way.
You tell me everything
you know now.
Nah, I ain't talking.
I want a lawyer.
Any sign of the missiles?
No, this place is clear.
- All right,
so here's the deal.
No sign of the missiles
at Nichols' place,
and he is not talking,
but the good news is,
people don't just wake up
and decide to rob armories.
So there must be something
in his history
that will lead
to his confederates.
We just need to find it.
Kelly, anything?
Yeah, not much.
The guy's pretty low profile.
Hasn't filed
a tax return in years.
- Mm-hmm.
Ian, what about your team?
- Same story--
he has no social media
and minimal presence online.
- I might have something.
- Yeah?
- So Ray hasn't been formally
employed in a decade,
but the last place
he worked was a garage
owned by a shell corp linked
to a man named Adem Polat.
Looks like ATF has been
investigating him
for two years.
Okay, now I'm intrigued.
Tell me more about this guy.
He's originally from Turkey,
spent a lot of time
in the military.
- What's he doing here?
He have a job?
- I don't know
if it's a front or a job,
but it looks like he owns
a garment factory in Queens.
- All right, let's dig deeper
into this Polat.
And hey, have Tiffany
interview Nichols' wife,
see what she knows.
♪ ♪
Do you know this man?
Is that a yes?
- I need to know what's
going on with Ray first.
Ray's in a holding cell
staring down
federal murder charges,
that's what's happening
with Ray.
He's not talking, is he?
No.
But if you cooperate,
we can use that to help Ray,
talk to the AUSA
about reducing his charges.
So I'm gonna ask you again.
Do you know this man?
♪ ♪
Yeah.
And he scares me a lot.
Did Ray work for Adem?
Yes.
For the past ten years.
They met at the garage.
Adem gave him odd jobs
off the books.
Dangerous things,
but we needed the money.
- Do you know anyone else
that works for him?
- No, Ray never talked
about the other guys.
- Would you be willing to wear
a wire and talk with Adem?
A wire?
I--I don't know.
Like I said, he scares me.
And I'm pregnant.
I'm about to have a baby boy.
I understand.
You wanna make the best
decisions for your family,
as a mother and a wife.
But right now the best decision
for your family
is to help us
put Adem behind bars.
- If it'll help Ray,
I'll do it.
Okay.
- Okay, that unit captures
audio and visual,
so we'll be able to hear what
you hear and see what you see.
You're gonna be okay.
Just be natural.
Not that easy.
Adem doesn't exactly
make you feel comfortable.
Stay focused, okay?
Make it about business.
You want Ray's share
of the profit.
You've got a family
to look after.
Lean into that.
- So I go in, ask for the money
he owes Ray,
and when he pays me...
- You get the hell out
of there as quick as you can.
- But the more he says
about his known associates
or accomplices,
the better it'll be
for Ray down the line.
Don't push it, though.
All we really need
is that payment.
That confirms that
Adem was involved.
You ready?
Yeah. Okay. Ready.
Good luck.
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
What was that about?
What?
"Don't push it."
"Get out of there quick."
I mean, we do need
to find those missiles.
- I get it,
but that's not her problem.
She didn't do anything wrong.
This white collar thing,
is that Nina's idea?
No, it's mine.
But she's stepping back too.
- Yeah, that makes sense,
after what happened with Rome.
- You know her, she claims
it has nothing to do with that.
And for real, I think she just
wants a more stable schedule.
You buy that?
I don't know.
As long as she's happy, safe,
I'm good.
Here we go.
[tense music]
I need to see Adem.
Tell him it's Mila, Ray's wife.
I know who you are.
This way.
Okay, new face.
Send him to the JOC.
- Omer Kiraz, ex-OKK,
Turkish special forces.
Trained as a sniper.
- Okay, could be our triggerman
at the armory.
Maybe we can roll up
the whole damn crew.
♪ ♪
Sorry to bother you.
- Mila, what are
you doing here?
- They got Ray.
- Who did?
The FBI.
This morning,
in front of our house.
Where is he now? In custody?
Yes.
But he called me,
said he asked for a lawyer.
He's not talking to them.
- Did they say why
they arrested him?
- Don't answer.
Tell him you don't know.
No, I have no clue.
And Ray didn't say anything
on the phone.
He knows people
are always listening.
I'm sorry to hear about this.
And I appreciate
you telling me.
If there's anything
I can do to help, just ask.
I like Ray.
I don't want to be rude, Mila,
but I have a meeting
I need to attend.
- No, don't leave.
Ask him about the money.
I understand, but first...
I have lots of medical bills.
The baby is due in a month.
I need a C-section.
That costs money.
So whatever you were
gonna pay Ray,
you can give it to me.
Good job.
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
Who said I owed Ray any money?
Come on, I'm not stupid.
I know Ray helps you out
and that you pay him for--
for the things that he does.
I don't ask questions.
The truth is,
I don't wanna know.
But I need money.
He's onto her.
- All right, Mila,
play it cool.
Ask him to pay for the lawyer.
- I don't even have cash
for the lawyer.
Please, Adem, you owe him that.
If he's in jeopardy,
I know it's because
he was helping you.
Tell me, Mila.
The FBI...
did they speak to you?
I've known you for years.
You never ask questions.
You never come to my office.
So what changed?
What changed?
My husband got arrested.
Is that all?
I need to use the bathroom.
The baby's pushing
on my bladder.
I saw one in the hall.
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
He knows what I'm doing.
Okay, take a breath.
You're okay.
I need to get out.
[knock at door]
What is it? I'm not done!
You have to get me out.
Keep your voice down.
Mila, who are you talking to?
Myself. You're scaring me.
- No need to be scared,
I promise.
I want what's best for Ray,
so please just come out.
I'll give you some money
for the medical expenses.
Consider it a gift.
[knock at door]
Okay, I'll be out soon.
I'm not done in here.
Help me.
[knock at door]
- Ah!
- [yelps]
Let's go.
Ah!
- Why are you
lying to me, Mila?
FBI!
[gunshot]
♪ ♪
- Suspect is fleeing east
on 86th Street.
Move!
[gunshots]
[people shouting]
♪ ♪
You got nowhere to go, Adem.
Come out with your hands up!
[gunshot]
Suspect is down.
Help! Help!
Somebody call 911!
- I need an ambulance
to 46 and Vernon.
Hey, hey, hey, look at me.
Keep your eyes open, okay?
We're gonna put pressure.
Stay with me.
Stay right here. Tiff!
Look at me.
All right,
help's on the way, okay?
I need you to stay with me.
I need you to breathe.
You're doing fine.
Breathe.
♪ ♪
[siren chirps]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. She gonna make it?
I don't know.
There's a lot of blood.
She was minding
her own damn business too.
Yeah, it's crazy.
All because of this bastard.
I found his phone.
Diane, can you send this down
to 26 Fed?
- You got it.
- I gotta get to a sink.
- Yeah, that's probably
a good idea.
I'll call Maggie and OA
and get 'em down
to the garment factory.
[suspenseful music]
- Upstairs is clear.
How's it going down here?
- Nothing.
Just a bunch of junk.
♪ ♪
- Can I get some
cutters here, please?
Help me move this.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Quite the arsenal.
AK-47s, HE-frag grenades--
no wonder ATF
was all over this guy.
Hey.
OA, are these the Javelins?
Check the other one.
The missiles are missing.
All right, everyone,
search of Adem's factory
turned up empty.
It appears the stolen missiles
have been transferred or sold.
At the very minimum,
we know they have been removed
from their crates
and are no longer
being housed
at the garment factory.
Where are we
with Adem's residence?
- Did we find anything?
- Got no luck.
Ditto with Omer's.
We're processing computers,
laptops, but so far, nothing.
- All right, well, what about
the phone, the one Tiff found?
I don't have much.
He was using some cutting-edge
encryption software.
Emails and texts
are all locked up.
- GPS?
- Disabled.
But carrier data can give us
a good history of his movement.
Okay, get it up on the map.
Let's start
with the first 24 hours.
We are looking for anywhere
Adem could have stashed
or transferred that Javelin.
- Okay, besides the garment
factory and his house,
there's only one other place
Adem spent time.
Hempstead. What's out there?
- It looks like
a residential zone.
The only business
I'm seeing is a restaurant.
- All right,
check the financials.
- I wanna know who owns it.
- Wait.
It has the same director
as other LLCs linked to Adem.
I'm guessing he's the owner.
- All right, let's get Maggie
and OA over there right now.
I want that place
turned inside out.
- The owner
had a couple duffel bags,
and they looked heavy.
And I offered to
help him carry them,
and he said no,
and he meant it.
I thought the guy was
gonna take a swing at me.
How long was he here for?
A couple minutes.
He put 'em in storage and left.
Okay. This is it?
Yeah.
- She's all yours.
- Thanks.
♪ ♪
- Okay, we have millions
of dollars in here.
- Looks like Adem
sold those missiles.
The question is to who.
- The only people who
can tell us for sure
are either dead or in custody.
All right, let's get
these bills processed.
Maybe a serial number will hit.
You have a UV light?
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Okay, they're not counterfeit,
but they are marked.
I'll call it in.
- So we ran
the serial numbers,
but there's nothing
in our case files.
- Well, somebody marked
those bills with UV.
There's a reason.
- Well, whoever did it
is probably law enforcement.
Criminals don't mark
their own bills.
Yeah, do we have an image?
Yep. Here you go.
- Okay, I want every rep
to check
with your respective agency.
Do you recognize this marking?
ATF, Treasury, Coast Guard--
I got it.
Isobel, that's DEA.
- Jordan, what else
can you tell us?
- Those bills were marked
in a joint operation
with the Mexican Federal Police
to track money laundering
in the Colima Cartel.
According to my file,
they were in their possession
less than a week ago.
Okay, well, that's progress.
Although we still don't know
what the cartel is planning
to do with those missiles.
Let's try another run
at Ray Nichols.
We just wanted to update you.
Adem Polat is dead and so is
his right-hand man, Omer.
For real?
- Which means you're the only
person who robbed that armory
that's still alive.
- The good news for you,
at least,
is that the missiles
are still in the wind.
I don't follow.
It means they need you.
So if you know something,
anything,
I can get you a deal.
I can't do that.
Sure you can.
We just told you
that Adem and Omer are dead.
- Ray, if you go to trial--
No, no, no, you don't get it.
Adem has friends
all over the place,
guys who can come for my family
while I'm locked up.
I have to protect them.
- I mean, that's a noble idea,
but the cost of that,
of you keeping your mouth shut,
is that you may spend the rest
of your life in prison.
You may never meet your son
on the outside,
never take him to get ice cream
or teach him how to play catch.
I get that, yeah.
But I gotta do what's best
for Mila and the baby,
keep them safe.
Keep them safe?
Okay.
So you're God?
You have some sort
of magic wand
you can wave around
to make sure
that nothing bad ever happens?
It doesn't work that way.
♪ ♪
- Look, I understand what
you're trying to do, Ray.
But you gotta focus on actually
spending time with them,
on being with them.
The only way that that is
ever gonna happen for you
is if you tell us
what you know, here and now.
Who bought the missiles?
What are they planning
on doing with them?
Okay.
♪ ♪
I'm not a killer.
I was the driver.
I stayed in the van.
Maybe the law
doesn't care about that,
but I want you
to know that, okay?
Okay.
- Buyer's name
is Pascual Santos.
Called Adem a couple weeks ago.
Said he needed a weapon that
could destroy an armored van.
All right, did you get that?
- Copy.
Santos, first name Pascual.
Multiple hits but only one
with ties to the Colimas.
All right, throw it up.
This guy a shot caller?
- Mm, looks like more
of a hit man.
Over 30 kills--mayors,
police chiefs, school students.
And that's just with guns.
Imagine what he can do
with missiles.
Jordan, do you have any intel
on his whereabouts?
- No, but last time
Santos was in the U.S.,
he was here
for less than 12 hours.
A guy with that rap sheet's
not gonna stick around
for long.
- Isobel, he bought those
missiles this morning.
I know.
So whatever he's planning,
it's happening today.
All right, folks, eyes on me!
Our new objective is
to find Pascual Santos.
We believe he is in possession
of the stolen missiles.
Now, given his avocation
as an experienced hit man,
we should assume
he plans to use,
rather than sell,
these weapons.
All we know is,
he is in New York,
so I suspect his target is too.
Let's get a BOLO out
to NCIC as well as
all the other major agencies--
CBP, DHS, NYPD.
- All right, let's also
include media, local channels,
and national press.
Hey, Jordan.
Does DEA have any informants,
somebody we could ping
about Santos?
No one local.
- I can try a source in Mexico.
- Ah, no time.
Attack is coming today, and
there's not much of it left.
- Okay, well,
if we can't find Pascual,
let's do the next best thing--
ID his target.
Ray said that it was
in an armored van, right?
So what's inside the van?
- Well, not cash
or valuables, right?
A Javelin would blow that
to kingdom come.
- Right, so we're talking flesh
and blood, an assassination.
- We use armored vans
to transport prisoners
when there's a credible threat.
- That's a theory.
Let's run with it.
Charlie, do you have
anyone high profile
moving through the area?
Let's see.
Okay, only two prisoners
getting armored transport
today.
One is a convicted terrorist
on a transfer
and the other one is a witness
going to a routine hearing
at the Southern District Court
in White Plains.
Tell me about the witness.
Former drug trafficker.
Don't have the details,
but the hearing is related
to a pending case, United
States versus Nico Hernandez.
- Hernandez is the former boss
of the Colima Cartel.
If that witness is gonna
testify against him,
they would see him
as a traitor,
someone to eliminate
at all costs.
Where's the van now?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
There it is.
I got eyes on the van,
still intact.
Our guys are stuck in traffic.
- The courthouse is
right around the corner.
If there's an ambush,
it's gotta be there.
They are sitting ducks.
Hey, Charlie?
I need you
to warn the marshals.
You all should be scrubbing
every cam you can find.
We need to know where Santos
is bringing those missiles.
- How many guys does it take
to operate a Javelin?
- Two--you need a shooter
and a spotter.
I'm guessing these guys
are gonna have backup too.
- So three, maybe four guys?
Where?
- The most effective shooting
position would be a roof.
Okay, which one?
- Jubal, where are we
with air support?
Uh, five minutes out.
SWAT's also airborne, same ETA.
- Okay, Tiff, see if
you can get the marshals
to start evacuating
the witness,
and we will start
searching on foot.
Me and Maggie go north.
Scola, south.
How you guys doing? Anything?
- Getting nothing
on street cams.
- All right, keep scrubbing.
Hey, you know what?
Let's push Santos' photo out
to every uni in the area.
Thank you.
- Guys, you're on
your own for now.
Do what you can.
♪ ♪
Hey!
Come on, where's your witness?
He's staying put.
- What about "missile"
don't you understand?
- This could be a fake-out.
- It's not, I promise you.
It's my call.
Hey, guys?
I think I see a scope
that might be a spotter.
He's on the building
north of the van.
Jubal, we think we got him
on the roof of the building
north of the courthouse.
- Copy that--choppers
are three minutes out.
Maggie might have something.
Scola, get to our position
immediately.
Okay, two minutes.
I'm gonna check something.
♪ ♪
- Damn it!
It's a false alarm.
It's a survey team.
[voices speaking Spanish]
I got 'em.
Parking garage, 9th floor.
I see the Javelin.
- Wait for backup.
- Copy that.
There's no time.
Engaging.
FBI! Show me your hands!
[gunfire]
[cartel team
shouting in Spanish]
♪ ♪
- Jubal,
the Javelins are secure.
Hey.
Witness doing all right?
Yeah, he's safe and sound.
[apprehensive music]
You okay?
Just another day, right?
[phone buzzing]
It's Nina.
Yeah. Go ahead.
♪ ♪
Do I need my lawyer?
I just wanted to let you know
that the information
you shared saved lives.
I spoke personally to the AUSA,
for what it's worth.
Thank you.
I screwed up, man.
I had no idea what they were
gonna do to the colonel.
Whole time,
I tried to play it safe.
I told Adem I didn't
wanna go in the armory.
I wanted to stay in the van.
'Cause of the baby, you know?
But I screwed up.
- What-what do you mean?
If I had just gone inside,
if I was with Adem instead
of that other dude...
we wouldn't have shot anyone.
I wouldn't be riding
a murder case right now.
Good luck with everything.
♪ ♪
How's Nina?
Uh, she's good. Yeah.
Not quite back to normal,
but getting better every day.
The baby?
All good.
- When do you hear back
about the white collar gig?
- Oh, I just got the call,
actually,
but I turned it down.
[pensive music]
It may not be
the world's safest job, but...
I love what I do.
And who I work with.
You know, you were so right.
About what?
- That you don't just
get to wave a magic wand
and hope that
nothing bad ever happens.
The world doesn't
work that way.
So I'm gonna do my thing
and hope for the best.
That's all you can do.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]